1.
a. Shows the status of existing files in the project, such as files in the staging area that were added by git add but not stored in git commit,
 files that were modified but not added to the staging area, and new files added to the project but not tracked by Git.
b. The first step of any project is to define the project by creating a new Git repository in the project file and then start saving the modifications
c. A command to save the modification in staging area to the repository with an accompanying explanatory message
d. Sharing modifications stored by the git commit command to the github repository and moving them from local to remote
2. 
I disagree with Ahmed's opinion that the git add command is unnecessary, although committing directly may be faster, it is not a good practice, especially in group projects,
because the git add command is necessary to specify exactly what changes you want to include in the commit, giving you control and review before the final save.
Bypassing this step with git commit -a may result in unintended changes being included.
3.
a. Other Similar Platform
GitLab
Bitbucket 
b.It includes several features, whether for an individual or a group, including tracking changes to the code, version control, 
access control and permissions, managing public and private repositories, creating branches to work on new features (Branching), Issue Tracking, 
and integration with CI/CD systems to automatically test the code.
c.Yes, a team can collaborate on a software project without relying on popular code hosting providers like GitHub or GitLab, by setting up a self-service server to host a version management system.
4. The -u sign means upstream, and the -u sign facilitates workflow, by creating a virtual relationship between the local branch and the remote branch, reducing duplicate commands and simplifying branch management. 
Influence: Pushing changes is easier after -u as long as you type the git push command, and git automatically recognizes that you want to push changes to origin and adds it to pull changes to the code easily with git pull
